My parents would repudiate my brother if they ever found out he was gay.
In order to keep his original idea from being copied, Henry resorted to reticence.
Please tell us where there is a grocery store.
You should not give him up for lost.
You are too critical of others' shortcomings.
You would do well to tell it to him in advance.
You are welcome to do anything you like.
You are responsible for what you do.
You are the wickedest witty person I know.
You are the master of your own destiny.
You are wearing your socks inside out.
You must come back before nine o'clock.
You had better not smoke while on duty.
You are not entitled to attend the meeting.
Do you love music?
You had better ask the doctor for advice.
You are too ready to speak ill of others.
You are old enough to stand on your own feet.
You had better stay here a little longer.
You are asking too much for this car.
You are prohibited from smoking here.
You had better get away from here at once.
You are always the cause of my worries.
You are supposed to come at 7 o'clock.
You can't have understood what he said.
You are the man I've been looking for.
You are quite justified in answering him back.
He became rich.
Teachers stimulate the students' interest, have them think, ask questions, and debate among themselves.
It is not fitting for a teacher to overly favor certain pupils over others.
An ounce of practice is worth a pound of precept.
The instructor advised me to get exercise every day.
Whoever goes to church believes in God.
People want more money to expand educational institutions.
And I call on the chairman of the Education Committee to support the motion.
With teaching and studying, my time is taken up.
Fear always springs from ignorance.
May I make so bold as to request your assistance?
The victim of blackmail has been paying hush money for years, but now he realizes it is foolish, and he has decided not to pay a red cent more.
They say we're going to get high winds.
The burglar burst into his house.
As long as there are sovereign nations possessing great power, war is inevitable.
The slugger was easily put out.
Bite down tightly, please.
The sail tightened in the strong wind.
A strong wind is blowing and I can't walk fast.
The strong winds were blowing.
Due to the intense sunlight, his back was sunburnt.
The strong east wind lashed at our faces.
No one but a strong man is fit for the post.
I'm willing to do the job if you cooperate.
The fingerprints left on the weapon correspond with the suspect's.
The GOP accused the Democrats of pork barrel politics.
A republic is a nation whose head is not a king or queen, but a president.
What's everybody's business is nobody's business.
Kyoko had the kindness to carry my baggage for me.
Fishing is one of the most popular hobbies.
I prefer staying home to going fishing.
There are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it.
I can no more swim than a fish can walk.
Don't enter the room without leave.
I was hit by a huge chunk of meat.
We're doing the same old routine: going bar hopping and then to karaoke.
Those who were present were disappointed at the report.
While I was playing video games in the living room, Mother asked me if I would go shopping with her.
I had otitis media last year.
Since I failed last year, I don't want to try again.
Thanks to the amusement park built last year, the city has become popular.
Mr Brown took charge of this class last year.
We had frequent snowfalls last year.
As compared with last summer, we haven't had so much rain this year.
Out of sight out of mind.
When you're separated you lose touch.
You must buy milk, eggs, butter, and so on.
You cannot sell the cow and drink the milk.
And he chased the cattle, the sheep, and the people out of the temple.
My old friend wrote to me, informing me of his return from abroad.
Old friends were invited to the reception.
The salary is fixed according to age and experience.
Some of my classmates passed the examination, but the others didn't.
The ball curved slightly.
The rescued refugees were longing for freedom.
Urgent business kept me from going shopping with you.
The express train went by so fast that we hardly saw it.
Hurry up, and you'll catch the bus.
Our bus comes late, particularly when we are in a hurry.
Even though she rushed, the elderly woman missed the last train.
During the interval, Takashi and Harumi got a drink at the theater bar.
I move that the meeting adjourn.
During the vacation, I read the entire works of Milton.
Please cut your vacation short and return.
The holidays are costing me a lot.
Can you extend your holiday by a few days?
The holidays seem to be doing her health good.
She was very brown after her holiday.
When I return from vacation, I shall have to catch up with a lot of work.
He is lively during recess.
Taking a little time off?
There are many tourists in the city on holidays.
Too much rest is rust.
Too long a holiday makes one reluctant to start work again.
The holiday continues to be very boring.
The hills are bathed in sunlight.
The hill slopes downward to the river.
The hill glows with autumnal colors.
You see a white building at the foot of the hill.
The building which stands on the hillside is our school.
Situated on a hill, his house commands a fine view.
Standing as it does on a hill, the hotel commands a fine view of the bay.
Look at that building standing on the hill.
A beautiful church stands on the hill.
His house was in sight from the top of the hill.
Lots of campers were parked all over the hill-side.
A beautiful valley lies behind the hill.
We came in sight of the hill.
My neck snapped when I did a headstand.
She carries on smiling even in the face of adversity.
Throw away the chairs whose legs are broken.
A flight attendant walks up to the boys.
As I entered the café, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I entered a tearoom, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
Smoking or non-smoking?
Being in a room full of smokers is my pet peeve.
You must give up smoking, as it is unhealthy.
Smoking or health, the choice is yours.
Mr Yoshida never breaks his promise.
Mr Yoshida is too severe with his children.
Take your time, Yoshida.
Let's carry on the discussion.
Women will have the last word.
The discussion produced a great deal of noise, but no forward motion.
The chairman should take the minority opinion into account.
The chairman called the committee to order.
The bill was eviscerated before being passed by the legislature.
Parliament has been dissolved.
Parliament has its beginnings in 14th-century England.
Do you know when the first parliament came into being?
Yoshio said he would pay as much as 15000 yen for a new pair of basketball shoes, but I thought that was quite expensive.
Technological innovation brought about the rapid progress of the information industry.
Experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
Fortune is the rod of the weak, and the staff of the brave.
Hunger knows no law.
I gasped with surprise at the horrible picture of the starving people.
You need not have woken me up.
You like balls.
Your dog has worms.
Give him vitamins.
Could you hold these valuables?
That'll make for a memorable time.
We are interested in your service.
We would like to ask for your help in clearing up our financial problems with your company.
The monument was set up in the park.
The commemorative ceremony ended with the closing address.
During the press conference, the President touched on foreign relations.
The reporter covered the gas explosion in Shibuya.
A reporter is interviewing Dr. Patterson about Koko, a talking gorilla.
I read about All Ball.
The rules must be few, and what is more important, simple.
Reading kills time on a train trip.
The train left the station and had soon disappeared from view.
Sick and tired, she went to bed early.
For somebody who feels rushed all the time, I sure make slow progress.
Your mind is not occupied with your own affairs.
I really enjoy the climate.
After an awkward pause, Bill took her by the hand and dragged her upstairs.
The weather is fickle.
He is a good fellow, to be sure, but he isn't reliable.
I found myself lying in my bedroom.
On his way home, Tom met a man who he thought was an American.
Why don't you look in on Mr Anderson on your way back?
You must feed the machine.
The restaurant was a bummer.
Whose is the book on the desk?
There wasn't any book on the desk.
There were no more than two books on the desk.
There is a cat under the desk.
You cannot appreciate the poem until you have read it many times.
Strangely, the number of students is decreasing each year.
There are strange rumors afloat.
Joy was mingled with sorrow.
The more danger, the more honor.
It was a close call when the little girl almost drowned in the lake.
Silence grows like cancer.
I'm getting sick and tired of Ms Maruta and her noisy friends.
Korean food is noted for its spicy flavor.
Observation is a passive science, experimentation an active science.
The tourists painted the whole town red.
The way tourists dress offends the local standard of propriety.
The audience sobbed throughout the climax of the movie.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Nurses attend to sick people.
The director cast me as the devil.
You must act under the leadership of your supervisor.
I felt the sweat trickle down my brow.
Thermometers often go below zero.
The band sprang to life.
Let's sing some merry songs.
Pleasure is the source of pain.
The pupils burst out laughing.
I regret having been idle in my school days.
I used to go fishing in my school days.
There are several restrictions on working to support yourself abroad on a student visa.
You are not going to make it in time for school.
Get out, or you will be sorry.
I'm going to France to study painting.
The meeting was put off until next Friday.
Finishing the job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Scientists began to find answers to these questions.
You can't have lost your coat in the house.
I did not miss my purse till I got home.
For how many nights?
How many people?
Some were late.
You cannot have your way in everything.
I ordered some new books from America.
You are sure to succeed, whatever you do.
Those who possess nothing lose nothing.
Don't cry before you're hurt.
You had better tell me the whole story.
You cannot have your own way in everything.
What marvelous weather.
Lend me something with which to cut this.
The concert will take place next Sunday.
Have you got a pencil?
It will take me 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi.
On arriving at the station, she rang up her mother.
You must exercise more care in writing English.
I've studied English for five years.
You have to study English step by step.
English is not easy for me.
I can't find any logic to English spelling.
“Ghoti” can be pronounced as “fish.”
You should read books written in English.
It is wrong to tell lies.
Many a true word is spoken in jest.
It is going to rain.
A heavy rain began to fall.
If only the rain would stop!
You will ruin your health if you drink too much.
You will feel better after a night's sleep.
The doctor advised Mr White not to smoke too much.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking.
You had best follow the doctor's advice.
One of the committees is composed of eight members.
You are much taller than you used to be.
We are likely to get there before dark.
You are welcome to any book in my library.
It is seven in London now.
You can get in touch with me at Hotel Landmark.
The radio will not work.
A camel is, so to speak, a ship on the desert.
You are doing very well.
Keep it up.
In time, Tom came to love her.
You are bound to fail unless you study harder.
You will fail unless you work harder.
You must gather further information.
You had better not go out now.
It's almost 11.
It is time you went to bed.
Turn off the radio.
It will not be long before I come back.
Porters often have to walk across the tracks.
Bell used to live in London, didn't he?
The bell has not rung yet.
French is spoken in France.
It is fun to play cards.
Tom is leaving Kobe tomorrow morning.
Tom stood on the platform in Westminster Underground Station.
It was at Oxford University that Tom studied history.
Please give my best regards to your parents.
Enough TV, already!
Coffee finishes most dinners.
The price is not reasonable.
Chocolate tastes sweet.
No gratuities accepted.
A double, please.
A lot of people were waiting for him.
A lot of fish perished.
I didn't expect that to come from you.
If you drive your car like that, you'll end up in hospital.
You are foolish to say such a thing.
A piece of railway in use today is therefore the product of a long series of decisions reached on many different grounds, at different times.
It is a disease that can't be prevented.
It is he.
That is not altogether false.
Off it went.
You are telling it second hand, aren't you?
It is the oldest wooden building in existence.
That is surprising.
I had bought it the week before.
That is not your knife.
It needs exercise.
But somehow he managed to stagger to the doors.
Then the younger brother set off, and the elder remained behind.
You'd better make sure that it is true.
Then he began his work at Cambridge, developing many new ideas about the nature of the universe.
The old man drew a large crowd with his music.
The old man attempted to swim five kilometers.
His brave deeds earned him a medal.
The subject is closed.
The cap is too small for me.
The actor went onstage to deliver his lines.
The farmer rose at sunrise and worked till sunset.
The shy pupil murmured his answer.
Whenever I visited the island, I was impressed by the beauty of its nature.
The trains are inconvenient and uncomfortable; in addition, they never run on time.
The train's arriving bang on time.
There were not more than ten customers in the shop.
They marked the damaged goods down by 40%.
The news came out of the blue.
The actor was onstage for most of the play.
The man stepped aside for her to enter the room.
The word is not in my dictionary.
The chest is three feet wide.
The teacher is in charge of the third-year class.
The red hat goes well with your dress.
The new tie goes with your jacket.
The boy battled against a serious illness.
This photo takes me back to my childhood.
You are holding my hand in that picture.
The accident stemmed from her negligence.
The game was put off until next Sunday.
The child heard something fall with a crash.
The child begged his mother for candy.
He speaks with a lisp.
I think it will be easy to do the job.
The murder case may bear a relation to his sudden death.
The dog is called Spot by the family.
The rule should be revised.
The picture was wonderful.
The price of the picture is 10 pounds.
The meeting was not particularly well attended.
The house stands among trees.
The house is not occupied now.
I found the film romantic.
The salesman learned to be punctual for appointments.
The cloud was in the shape of a bear.
The movement is rapidly gaining ground.
The spaceship was never to return to Earth.
You will find the restaurant on your right.
The apple tastes sweet.
That's how he escaped being hurt in the accident.
Such drastic economic growth cannot be sustained.
Such actions are alien to our beliefs.
The hen lays an egg almost every day.
The boat was at the mercy of the waves.
The anchorman had an audience with the king.
You should have seen the program on TV.
It is no good talking about it.
You will learn how to do it in time.
Stop going there.
You will have to wait there about an hour.
You had better not use those four-letter words.
The dean sighed and said: "I think that this woman is perhaps... my own cousin".
Smith demanded payment.
Mr Smith is drinking coffee.
You get on the phone and call the doctor.
You had better write the letter at once.
You will soon get used to the change of climate.
You had better see a doctor at once.
Mr Jones is tasting the soup his wife made.
Mr Jones, whose wife teaches English, is himself a professor of English.
A Mr Jones has come to see you.
A Mr Jones is waiting for you outside.
Is Mr Schmidt at home now?
Jim, don't run about in the room.
I cannot, however, agree to your opinion.
But the boys spent all their holidays on Mr Wood's farm.
Shakespeare is the author of Hamlet.
Sally lost the contact lenses she had bought the day before.
Sam, don't!
We're very sorry that your order was damaged.
As you know, life is comparable to a voyage.
You had better not walk around in such a place.
You are an idiot to go out in this weather.
There are not many books on these shelves.
None of these buses go to Shinjuku.
You cannot do all these things at once.
Does anyone have any questions so far?
This is the most massive structure I have ever seen.
This is a matter of the utmost importance.
My stars!
This is a coffee cup made in England.
This is the coffee.
This is the key I have been looking for.
Sorry.
I missed the train.
This tour takes in each of the five main islands.
This problem arose from a mutual misunderstanding.
This room is anything but warm.
Where's this train bound for?
It is on this point that our opinions differ.
You can hire a bicycle by the hour at this shop.
You are expected to dress well for this shop.
You mustn't park the car in this street.
The frequency of crime in the town is high.
The baby cannot use a spoon yet.
You had better keep this food under ten degrees.
This lesson is cancelled tomorrow.
This bike is awful; it's too heavy.
You are responsible for this accident.
This puppy is crying because it misses its mother.
That word has fallen out of use.
This pair of shoes is a size larger.
This flower is found in different parts of Hokkaido.
This fruit isn't ripe enough to pick yet.
I finally went to England this summer.
I want to send this postcard to Japan.
The soup tastes of garlic.
This coffee is not hot enough.
This coffee tastes burnt.
You will find this game very interesting.
This is the boy whose name is Tom Fisher.
Never trouble till trouble troubles you.
You will be safe from any danger here.
You are not supposed to smoke in here.
Three coffees, please.
Serve the coffee, please.
Coffee ends a meal.
Kennedy Airport, please.
You cannot eat your cake and have it too.
You haven't eaten the cake yet.
Mr Green, you are wanted on the phone.
Could you take me to the Grand Hotel?
Mr Crouch, what do you do?
The shoes are made of leather.
Just give him the wallet.
Glasswork came from Persia by way of the Silk Road.
She took to drinking beer.
He needn't have brought the umbrella.
There are few apples in the basket.
You might have just forgotten.
Don't answer your mother back.
Dad bought me a camera.
You are supposed to be back by noon.
You are old enough to take care of yourself.
You should be careful of your money.
The chances are that she'll quit her job.
Don't confuse Austria with Australia.
Our car is equipped with air conditioning.
I feel guilty about having told a lie.
A rabbit has long ears.
Go and see if Mr Wilson is at home.
You can come whenever it is convenient for you.
You may use my typewriter at any time.
The weather changes very often in England.
You shouldn't have said such a thing to her.
That is not an orange, either.
You should have telephoned in advance.
American women didn't have the right to vote.
Refugees in Africa are seeking help.
That tall man is Mr Smith.
You're better off not getting in his way!
Those shoes don't go with the suit.
The house is very old.
It needs repairing before you sell it.
Where has that memo got to?
You need another ten dollars to buy that camera.
You will soon get accustomed to the noises.
You will have to go to England next year.
You will be able to read this book next year.
You will be able to see him tomorrow.
I wonder if you are truly happy.
You should cross out any word you don't need.
You should take her illness into consideration.
You can't blame him for the accident.
You should not laugh at his mistake.
You can't count on him for financial help.
You had better ask him how to do it.
You have seen Tokyo Tower, haven't you?
You must watch your step all the way.
Do you go by train or by car?
You will get a CD set on your birthday.
Do you travel by sea or by air?
You are just the same as you always were.
You had better cut down your living expenses.
You have finished your homework, haven't you?
You are old enough to make your own living.
You are satisfied with your life, aren't you?
You will wish you had a house of your own.
You promised not to be rude to me any more.
You will soon be convinced that I am right.
You are a schoolteacher, aren't you?
You seem to have thought of something else.
You had better learn either English or French.
You aren't leaving Japan for good, are you?
You are a professional, but I am an amateur.
You must stand in a line to buy the ticket.
You are not to blame for the accident.
You are in favor of the plan, aren't you?
You had better make use of the opportunity.
You had better do your homework at once.
You will soon get used to eating Japanese food.
You will be able to play tennis better soon.
You are wearing your shirt inside out.
You reach him by calling this number.
You are not allowed to use this car.
You will always be welcome whenever you come.
You should start between six and seven.
You have never been to Okinawa, have you?
You should know better now you are eighteen.
You have a very crisp way of speaking.
Come and write your name.
Your proposal is worthy of being considered.
I asked Mom to get some for you.
How many pupils are there in your class?
Your sister cannot swim well, can she?
You and I must give him our present.
You are the very person I have been looking for.
You must remember to tell him all that you know.
The man who you saw there yesterday was Mr Brown.
I'd like to see you when you are free.
Pity you can't come.
Your plan to purchase another PC will not be a problem at all.
Take the express train from platform 9.
It has just struck eight, hasn't it?
Please wait till five, when he'll be back.
You must return the book by the end of April.
I tried twice, but neither try worked.
I succeeded in my first attempt.
It's cheaper to order by the dozen.
"My husband passed on two years ago," an elderly lady said.
Mary received an award for her composition called "Secret love".
"Shiitake" is a sort of mushroom.
"My teeth are too weak for apples," said the boy.
"All of you, shut up!" he said.
"Let's play hopscotch," said the little white rabbit.
"Let's begin today's lesson by opening our books at page 156," the teacher said.
You walk on and I will catch up with you later.
You will be allowed to use this room tomorrow.
You should have attended the meeting in person.
Let's drink to absent friends.
The moon was reflected in the lake.
I have a pain in the shoulder.
There lives an old man in the hut by the lake.
Potential customers have been listed.
I'm gonna have to call you back.
She divorced her good-for-nothing husband because she was disgusted with him.
Care for tea or coffee?
You may go if you wish.
It's up to you.
You had better go and thank her in person.
In the United States, there is a census every ten years.
I hear you went to the United States.
How many books do you think you have read so far?
You never can tell what is going to happen.
A Mr Brown came this morning.
She will have been in hospital for a month next Monday.
Have you written in your diary yet today?
I don't feel like smoking today.
You had better stay away from work today.
I would rather study than play today.
We have less snow than usual.
We are having some people tonight.
You will find the post office on your left.
Sugar dissolves in hot coffee.
Recent comics have too many violent and sexual scenes.
When the last leaf falls, I must go, too.
The best of luck to you.
Do I turn left at the first stoplight?
Did you mark the papers?
The second term came to an end yesterday.
It was Alice who went to the concert yesterday.
It was his car, not mine, that broke down yesterday.
The cherry trees are in full blossom.
Shall I bring a magazine?
Sharks are infamous for their bloodthirsty natures.
You may leave when you have finished the work.
You may use my typewriter if you want to.
He paid as much as a hundred dollars for a puppy.
It is very naughty of you to pull the kitten's tail.
Where's the bus for the city?
The branches were laden with oranges.
Death is the great leveler.
You are the very man I want to see.
Unless I am mistaken, I've seen that man before.
I did not read a book yesterday.
Speaking.
I have a brother of an age with you.
Will you let me at it?
You can get hold of me at the Yasesu Hotel.
My camera is a Nikon.
My watch needs mending.
My sister sings songs very well.
My watch needs repairing.
I rarely touch coffee.
I visited Fukuoka ten years ago.
I waited for ten minutes, though they seemed like ten hours to me.
I was born in Hiroshima in 1945.
I saw a bird flying over a tree.
I'll finish the work in a week, that is, on May 5th.
I went to Obihiro two years ago.
I had to choose between A and B.
I visited many parts of England.
I want to go to America someday.
I ordered the book from England.
I sponged a dinner off my uncle.
I prefer grapefruits to oranges.
I had my only son die of cancer.
You can reach me at the address written here.
I was ashamed of having said so.
I ordered the book from Britain.
I saw her for the last time.
I watch television twice a week.
I want some coffee badly.
I brought up two children alone.
I'm employed by a French lawyer.
I'd like to listen to pop music.
I have never been to Europe.
I am very fond of travelling by train.
I lived in Sanda City last year.
I cannot follow your theory.
Never have I seen such a cute puppy as this.
I did not play tennis yesterday.
You are in my thoughts at all times.
I must have my bicycle repaired.
I am wholly in agreement with you.
I got my room cleaned by my son.
I was quite at a loss for words.
I saw a bird fly across the sky.
I had my brother clean the room.
I clean up my room every Sunday.
I want him to go there.
I am going to go to Tokyo tomorrow.
I will go to Tokyo tomorrow.
I plan to cycle around Shikoku next year.
I like hot tea better than cold.
Our teacher lives at the far end of the street.
We happened to meet them at the bus station.
Much has already been said about the difficulty of translating poetry.
He failed the exam.
Did you do well in the exam?
He failed to take the exam.
The crossroads where the accident happened is near here.
All the traffic was brought to a standstill by the accident.
The clock is striking four.
One after another, the animals died.
You have to make up the time you have lost.
In practice, there is little difference between the two.
He was sitting drinking wine.
The whole mountain turns red in autumn.
The leaves turn in autumn.
I often go yachting on weekends.
You have to change trains at Shibuya.
You should work in the interests of humanity.
It is great fun to play with a puppy.
It's baking hot.
It's made of fine cotton.
You are carrying your joke a bit too far.
Coffee comes after the meal.
You must clean your hands before meals.
You have to change trains at Shinjuku.
You should not depend on your parents.
People buy these tickets many months before the tournament starts.
You must not tear pages out of library books.
Do you see a ship on the horizon?
A few minutes later the telephone rang.
The tide of public opinion is turning against sexism.
The pupils stand up when their teacher enters.
I was born on February 14, 1960.
You can stay if only you are quiet.
It is ten years since I came to live in Shizuoka.
The baby ceased crying.
I got soaked boating downriver.
You ran into him earlier, didn't you?
You had better make a reservation in advance.
The charge for a front row seat is 5 dollars.
Certainly.
The farewell party will take place next week.
I walked till my legs got stiff.
I'm afraid the loss will amount to one hundred million dollars.
You should not speak ill of others.
You are supposed to come in person.
You must not come into the kitchen.
I can assure you that chances are in your favor.
We marched under a hail of bullets.
For shame!
I'm sorry I am late, but there's been a lot of work to do.
You must apologize to her for coming late.
China is twenty times as large as Japan.
You do not have to bring your lunch.
You will hurt yourself if you're not careful.
When I asked her if she was tired after the long walk, she said, "sort of."
You have made only a few spelling mistakes.
Mr Tanaka is a doctor, isn't he?
I got all choked up when I heard the voice of Ryo over the telephone.
Some students go to school on foot, and others by bus.
In autumn, some animals store food away for the winter.
In winter, our lips get chapped.
Will it be fair in Tokyo tomorrow?
Naturally.
It wasn't mentioned during the discussion.
The moon and stars were shining above us.
You must take care when you cross the road.
You lead the way and I will follow you.
You must not forget your math textbook again.
The Japanese yen appreciated.
Japan is a rich country.
The criminal was sent into exile.
You are doubtless aware of his absence.
Tell me how he smiled at you.
You are mistaken if you think he is wrong.
You can rely upon his being punctual.
You shouldn't let him get away with cheating.
He had hardly finished breakfast when the telephone rang.
You can count on him to tell the truth.
You had better be ready in case he comes.
You will have to apologize when you see him.
You shouldn't say such rude things to him.
He has a gift for music.
Has he got any experience of farming?
You cannot prevent him from drinking.
You can rely on his proven ability.
His knowledge of English is poor.
His English composition has nine mistakes in as many lines.
You should pay attention to what he says.
You should have replied to his letter.
You are absolutely right about his character.
His ambition is to play the part of Hamlet.
His books are next to useless.
His paper is superior to mine.
You should have listened to him more carefully.
He has been ill in bed for a week.
His mother said that he had been ill in bed for five weeks.
He wrote a biography of a famous poet.
He liked Ann, but his parents didn't.
He is always generous to poor people.
He was sleeping on his face.
He stood up to see the game better.
He drinks his coffee black every time.
He was going to accept the offer, but thought better of it.
He drank from the spring.
He was not able to open the box.
He hurried so that he wouldn't miss the train.
He could not speak French well.
He adores the movies.
He is a great lover of music.
He has the privileges of membership.
He's gone on holiday to the Mediterranean.
He is in the hospital at present.
In his haste he left the door open.
You should be careful not to bother him.
He did his best, but in vain.
He likes a walk.
Whenever he goes out for a walk, he takes his dog with him.
He couldn't pass the examination.
He gave me a ring at midnight.
He is reserved by nature.
He lost the watch which he had bought the day before.
He does run.
He likes to posture as an intellectual.
He turned back halfway.
He took his own medicine.
He was tired from reading.
He bathed and dressed.
He took delight in teasing the kitten.
He is breeding cattle on his farm.
He would call to his horse as he climbed into his seat.
He couldn't come on account of his illness.
He was born to poor parents.
He's poor, and couldn't buy himself a coat.
He was becoming forgetful, which bothered him a lot.
He was busy making a telescope.
He lay on a sofa, his eyes closed.
He is used to sitting up late at night.
He pulled with all his strength, but the rock would not move.
They have been married for four years.
They climbed to the top of a cliff.
They walked along the road three abreast.
They married on Christmas Eve.
They'd better beef up their report or it won't be accepted.
They are unlikely to marry.
They lived a happy life.
They got married recently.
They had no other recourse but to apologize.
They are trying to organize a new political party.
They set fire to their neighbour's house in revenge.
They feel a strange affinity with each other.
They didn't know it themselves.
You should have known better than to trust him.
You can't mistake him for his younger brother.
You can always depend upon her to help.
You shouldn't have told her such a thing.
You should apologize to her for being rude.
You should have asked her for help.
You should have paid attention to her warning.
It is bold of you to question her proposal.
You should make allowances for her age.
She holds the world record for the hundred meters.
She set about writing the essay.
She was raised by her grandmother.
She poured out tea for her visitors.
She quickly shut the kitten into a basket.
She needn't have paid the money.
She was dismayed at the news.
She refused to play with it, and just sat there looking angry.
She's still chatting away.
She talks as if she knew everything under the sun.
She always studies listening to music.
She put her room in order before her guests arrived.
She supposed me to be a doctor.
She received a large advance for her next novel.
She seems to have been happy when she was young.
Is she equal to a long journey?
She got a beautiful dress on.
She prides herself on her beauty.
She took no notice of what her father said.
She confronted the problem, which seemed hard to understand.
She wanted to get a divorce.
The plane takes off at 8:00 a.m.
I usually take size eight shoes.
His father had asked the same question the year he was fourteen.
Father manages the store.
My father is an expert surgeon.
The wind brought down a large number of trees.
You had better take a bath to get warm.
You should not judge a person by his clothes.
You should have consulted your lawyer.
Please don't forget to post the letters.
We are not always at home on Sundays.
I prefer travelling by train to flying.
I took to her the moment I met her.
I made a long journey last year.
We are disgusted by his bad manners.
You can hear her singing every morning.
We are going to a dance tomorrow.
It will have been snowing for five days tomorrow.
I hope that it is fine tomorrow.
You can keep this tape until tomorrow.
I will be through with my work by tomorrow.
You needn't finish it by tomorrow.
It will be fine tomorrow, too.
I will go to the university tomorrow, too.
I will stay home if it rains tomorrow.
I don't know if it will rain tomorrow or not.
I do not know if it will rain tomorrow.
I don't know if it will rain tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll not go there.
If it rains tomorrow, I will stay at home all day.
We are going to have an examination in English tomorrow.
You never know what will happen tomorrow.
There is no knowing what will happen tomorrow.
You will be able to see her tomorrow.
How about going for a drive to Lake Yamanaka with us tomorrow?
I'm engaged tomorrow, so I've arranged for someone else to take my place.
I am going to see the dentist tomorrow.
If it is fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
I don't know if it will be fine tomorrow.
I hope it will be fine tomorrow.
We'll climb the mountain if it is fine tomorrow.
If it is fine tomorrow, I will go sailing with my friends.
I will go for a walk if it is nice tomorrow.
I am leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
Could you remind me to call my academic advisor at 9:00 p.m. tomorrow?
It is good that you do not have to study so hard.
Don't you think it's rude to give people such a curt reply like that?
The Kiso River is often called the Rhine of Japan.
The question is whether she can be trusted.
There is a man at the gate who wants to see you.
It is very hot at night.
I study for many hours at night.
It must have rained during the night; the road is wet.
I rarely, if ever, talk on the phone till late at night.
Dr. Hideo Noguchi died in Africa in 1928.
Some children do not like vegetables.
I took a taxi so that I would be in time for the appointment.
It is thoughtful of you to remind me of my promise.
It is true that we cannot be too careful choosing our friends.
I hadn't seen my friend for over twenty years.
It is difficult to prove that ghosts exist.
It's valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.
The famous pianist smiled.
The famous author created another best-selling book.
The promenade runs parallel to the shore.
I am going to inform the post office of the change of my address.
The post office is down the street.
You cannot miss it.
You are to do your homework before supper.
We landed at Narita a little behind schedule.
An infant is not capable of speaking, so it just screams until it gets what it wants.
We will be able to raise cows and sheep, too.
I will give you anything you want.
It was not till the next morning that we knew the fact.
I will be leaving for Australia next month.
We will increase the rent next month.
I am moving next month.
We are going to have a baby next month.
I'll pay you back a week from today, that is, on July 21.
I will be free next Saturday.
I will be leaving for Morocco next week.
I'll be in Tokyo on business next week.
I am thinking of going to Kobe next week.
I am supposed to go to Tokyo next week.
You will have studied English for four years next March.
By this time next year, you will have visited almost all the famous places in Japan.
I'm thinking of going to Canada next year.
You will have to study harder next year.
I am going to work in Osaka next year.
The flower is yours for the asking.
If I don't fail, I will get my driving license before New Year.
The decline isn't so sharp after seasonal adjustment.
After the storm, the road was blocked with fallen trees.
The place is not accessible by land.
Speaking about trips, have you ever been to Kobe?
Both of my parents do not play golf.
What will become of the children now that both parents are dead?
You cannot be too good to your parents.
The parents have brought up the child well.
My parents expect me to enter the university.
It is easy to distinguish good from evil.
I left home early to get a good seat.
Hope you had a good birthday.
I will come and see you when I get well.
If we unite our efforts, we will be able to finish this.
Even if it takes me the whole day, I will do the typing.
The train roared through the tunnel.
The train is in.
It's no more than four minutes from here by train.
The train left at ten, so it should have arrived in Osaka by now.
The train should arrive at Osaka by ten.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way to Ueno.
What time does the train reach Osaka?
I will check what time the train arrives.
The train arrived at Osaka station.
Traffic accidents happen daily.
An old man spoke to me suddenly.
You cannot make bricks without straw.
How do you feel about the Gulf War?
I was not aware of a mosquito biting my arm.
But because the humidifier is on all night, in the morning the condensation pours off the windows.
Why don't we take a ride round the island on this ox carriage?
Don't sneak out of the concert!
That's what I want to say.
It is essential that some kind of compromise be reached between Pyongyang and Washington.
First, we will present a petition to the mayor and collect signatures.
Russia expresses regret for those lost in the hostage incident.
I kept saying "Let's stop" but she drained cup after cup of wine -- and now, as you can see, she's completely drunk.
There's a place called Kuchiwa in Hiroshima.
My wife gave birth prematurely to a 1,500-gram baby girl.
My husband has two older brothers.
(That's right, I'm a third-son's wife)
It's hard to live with the knowledge that you are a failure.
The boy was expelled from music school when he was 12.
I don't know about the past, but now we have faxes and emails.
We spent the entire day in Yoyogi Park.
The Japanese economy is going through a period of great stress.
There are abilities that improve rapidly and those that improve slowly, aren't there?
What Alice, waiting for a reply, was faced with was a sudden howl.
It was a resounding noise, sharp as to burst her ear drums, loud as to reach unto the heavens.
Tomorrow night, I am going to Narita airport.
He was a man who was the very picture of her ideals.
Why God allows these sorts of actions by Satan is explained in the Book of Job in the Bible.
I am Chinese.
Sasha and Malia!
I love you both more than you can imagine.
And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the White House.
My sister is fond of music.
Where is the telephone book?
Good question!
I want to go to Tokyo.
Next summer, I want to go to Hawaii.
It snows.
These flowers can be seen around Hokkaido.
As soon as the bell rang, the teacher came into the classroom.
Immediately after the bell rang, the teacher came into the classroom.
Right after the teacher finished the class, the bell rang.
You should apologize to her for that.
He hasn't got a bicycle.
We got rid of the mice in his house.
You were wrong to turn down his help.
You were wrong to refuse his help.
I don't understand what you are trying to say.
Mastering English is difficult.
Those two boys have about the same ability in English.
People are apt to take it for granted that professors can speak English.
Our English teacher is both strict and kind.
I don't spend much time preparing for English classes.
I study math harder than I study English.
I study math more seriously than I study English.
English is third period.
We played on the banks of the Thames.
Japan, for the most part, is a lovely place to live.
Japan, for the most part, is a good place to live.
We didn't intend to attack him.
Japanese eat three meals a day.
A 40- or 50-year-old is a snot-nosed brat.
All of these meetings are in English.
I have always kept my promises.
I pray that you will have the best of luck.
The motorway was closed due to a major accident.
The M1 motorway connects London to Leeds.
Trier is the oldest city in Germany.
There are a lot of deer in Nara.
In my opinion, German is the best language in the world.
Without your advice, I would have failed.
We lived in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
Before this car, I drove a Nissan.
You should be ashamed of your stupidity.
I will be there tomorrow.